Add transaction_content_events and example (#13612)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.1/crdb-internal.md

~~~

### `transaction_contention_events`

Requires either the `VIEWACTIVITY` or `VIEWACTIVITYREDACTED` [role option](alter-role.html#role-options) to access. If you have the `VIEWACTIVITYREDACTED` role, `contending_key` will be redacted.

> Contention events are stored in memory. You can control the amount of contention events stored per node via the `sql.contention.event_store.capacity` [cluster setting](cluster-settings.html).

Reviewer: Do we expect users to configure this cluster setting? I'd remove this for now and prefer not to provide guidance and treat it similar to `sql.contention.event_store.duration_threshold` where the setting is only an escape hatch if we run into issues with this feature. 

@Azhng, do you know if there's a more logical/user-friendly limitation we impose on this table like a Max row limit (versus size)? Like what we have for persisted stats of 1M rows.

Reviewer 2: Since this `transaction_contention_events` table is an in-memory only table, applying a global cluster-level size limit is quite difficult. I think one reasonable global cluster-level limit we can introduce would be an event TTL. Though even with a global TTL limit, we would still want a per-node size limit like what we have today.

Contention events are stored in memory. You can control the amount of contention events stored per node via the `sql.contention.event_store.capacity` [cluster setting](cluster-settings.html).

Column | Type | Description
------------|-----|------------
`collection_ts` | `TIMESTAMPTZ NOT NULL` | The timestamp when the transaction contention event was collected.
`blocking_txn_id` | `UUID NOT NULL` | The ID of the blocking transaction. You can join this column into the [`cluster_contention_events`](#cluster_contention_events).
`blocking_txn_fingerprint_id` | `BYTES NOT NULL`| The ID of the blocking transaction fingerprint. To surface historical information about the transactions that caused the contention, you can join this column into the [`statement_statistics`](#statement_statistics) and [`transaction_statistics`](#transaction_statistics) tables to surface historical information about the transactions that caused the contention.
`waiting_txn_id` | `UUID NOT NULL` |  The ID of the waiting transaction. You can join this column into the [`cluster_contention_events`](#cluster_contention_events).

> `waiting_txn_fingerprint_id` | `JSONB` |  The ID of the waiting transaction fingerprint. To surface historical information about the transactions that caused the contention, you can join this column into the [`statement_statistics`](#statement_statistics) and [`transaction_statistics`](#transaction_statistics) tables

Author: ```suggestion
`waiting_txn_fingerprint_id` | `BYTES NOT NULL` |  The ID of the waiting transaction fingerprint. To surface historical information about the transactions that caused the contention, you can join this column into the [`statement_statistics`](#statement_statistics) and [`transaction_statistics`](#transaction_statistics) tables
```
